# January 29, 2022

First, soldering was done to assemble the feather boards. This was fairly straightforward, as the feather system helps guide how one should connect the radio module to the 328p module. After that was done, testing the radio systems was attempted. However, several hiccups were encountered. First, we were having trouble flashing the program to the microcontroller. While faulty cords might have been complicating the problem, the actual error was due to not properly telling the Arduino IDE what processor it was flashing. While the 328p module does use an Atmega328p module like the Arduino UNO does, it is at 3.3V instead of 5V. This means that the targeted board in the IDE must be set to "Pro or Pro Mini", and the processor must be set to the 3.3V variant of the processor. Otherwise, flashing will be difficult if not impossible and the serial monitor will print gibberish. 

After fixing that, the radio modules were still not initiliazing. It turns out the LoRa Feathers are not as plug and play as previously thought, there are several connections that must be wired. This is because the radio module does not have hard set connections in case it interferes with another radio module. So both the 328p's and the RF95's pinout were examine. It turns out there are three pins that must have connections made to on the radio: RST, CS, and INT/INQ. To facilitate this, the feather convientely has easy to access locations to solder to named A through E. Looking on the pinout shows that these locations map to corresponding locations on the side of the feather. So decisions were made to wire to those connections. The example program did not say anything specific about the CS and RST pins, so assumably they can go anywhere, but the INT pin is an interrupt, and so it must connect to an input on the 328p with interrupt functionality. 

The following connections were made. RST was mapped to the wing's A connection, corresponding to pin 2 on the 328p; CS was mapped to B, corresponding to pin 10, and IRQ was mapped to C, corresponding to pin 9. This got the feather past the initialize phase, but it stalled at the command 'rf95.waitPacketSent()'. While not known for sure, it is very possible taht this is due to an error in wiring the interrupt pin causing it to not interrupt the processor and inform it that it has finished. Having already been working for much of the day, work was paused to take a crack with possibly some clarily later.

Looking at the notes, either the pin connections were written down wrong here, or an error was made. IRQ needs to go to A to pin 2. 

# January 31, 2022
It turns out an error was made in wiring the pin locations. As mentioned previously RST was mapped to A, corresponding to pin 2 on the 328p. Pin 2 was meant to connect to the INT pin on the radio. As a fix, RST was connected to C, and INT was connected to A. This allowed the radios to turn on and work correctly.
